Leonardo Prates

Hayward CA 94544
(702) 498 - 0327
hello@odran037.io
http://odran037.io

View my portfolio at http://odran037.io

About
Highly motivated and hardworking individual with an insatiable appetite for learning. Passionate about programming and solving problems. Loves working in a team and able to stay positive and solve problems using expertise and research.

Skills
HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Jade, Stylus, CoffeeScript, jQuery, AngularJS, Node.js, MongoDB, Express, Ajax, JSON, REST, Git, GitHub, Heroku, DNS, FTP, Linux, OS X, Windows
Basic: Python, Ruby, PHP, MySQL, Apache, React, Backbone.js, Underscore

Experience
Developer Mentor – DevMountain - TX 2015 – Current
Responsible mentoring students and ensuring their success in learning full stack web development.

Senior Remote Support – Weebly - FL 2013 – Current
Responsible for providing chat and email-based support to customers relating to website design, ecommerce, email and domain DNS setup. Resolve billing issues and assist customers purchasing different products and solutions to suit their needs. Also responsible for assisting other support agents with issues and questions that require advanced support.

IT Specialist - Freelance - Orange City, FL 2006 – 2013
Notebook and desktop repair, Home network installation and security implementation. Printer, copier and fax installation and repair.

IT Specialist - CompTech Care - Fort Myers, FL 2007
Provided notebook and desktop repair, network management services, implemented off-site data backup, remote assistance, designed diagrams of small and medium business networks. Set up servers, routers, switches, hubs and VPNs.

Customer Service Engineer - Sal Serv., Xerox - Naples, FL 2001 – 2002
Performed full range of maintenance, technical diagnostics, software loads, installation, removal, retrofit of Xerox products and customer call assistance, provided customer training on assigned products in accordance with current field procedures and responsible for assigned company assets (i.e. parts, tools, communication and computing devices, vehicles).

Odd jobs
I've travelled around the country for a few years and during that time I did freelance IT work, website maintenance, construction masonry and carpentry, worked at a retail store, at a hotel spa and fitness center, owned and operated my own retail business.

Education
DevMountain, Provo, UT – 2015
Fullstack web development - MEAN Stack

FreeCodeCamp, Online - 2015
Fullstack web development - MEAN Stack

CodeSchool, Online - 2014 - 2015
JavaScript Best Practices
JavaScript Road Trip 1, 2 and 3
Front End Foundations
Front End Formations
Shaping Up With Angular JS
Real Time Web With Node JS

University of Central Florida - 2013
Certified fiber Optics Specialist in Outside Plant Cabling (CFOS/O)
Certified fiber Optics Specialist/Testing & Maintenance (CFOS/T)
Certified fiber Optics Splicing Specialist Course (CFOS/S)
Certified fiber Optics Technician Course (CFOT)

Southwest Florida College - 2007
Network and System Administration/Administrator
Microsoft Network Engineering Studies

Languages
English, Portuguese Native
Spanish Conversational
Arabic Basic