
Leonardo Prates

2558 Divine Sky Dr. Henderson, NV 89044
leonardo.prates@outlook.com - (702)498-0327


Objective

To work in a challenging environment that will hone my skills and help me grow as a professional.


Skills

Systems: All versions of Windows, OS X, Various Linux distributions, iOS, Android, Chrome OS

Hardware: Desktops, Servers, Laptops, Modems, Network Cards, Mother Boards, Printers, Scanners, Copiers, Faxes, Routers, Hubs, Switches

Software: Microsoft Office Suite, Google Docs, Libre Office, Oracle Live Database, BMC TrackIT, Symantec Ghost, Dreamweaver, Sublime Text

Web: CSS3, HTML5, Javascript, PHP, MySQL, Wordpress, Bootstrap, Github

Protocols: TCP/IP, NetBEUI, WINS, DNS, DHCP, Ethernet, FTP


Languages

English, Portuguese and Spanish


Education

Certified Fiber Optics Specialist @ University of Central Florida 2013
Microsoft Network Engineering Studies @ Southwest Florida College 2008


Experience

Remote Support - Weebly - FL 2013 - Current
Responsible for providing chat and email-based support to customers with website design, ecommerce, email and domain DNS setup and troubleshooting. Resolve billing issues and assist customers purchasing different products and solutions.

IT Specialist - Freelance - Orange City, FL 2006 - 2013
Assisted clients implementing latest web design technologies such as Bootstrap and Boilerplate to their websites. Notebook and desktop repair, Home network installation and security implementation. Printer, copier and fax installation and repair.

Electronics Specialist - Target - Henderson, NV - 2011 - 2012
Responsible for management of the electronics area and keeping the area clean and in stock. Maintained a working relationship with electronics vendors and kept product knowledge current on newly released products and most popular releases.

IT Specialist - CompTech Care - Fort Myers, FL 2007
Provided notebook and desktop repair, network management services, implemented off-site data backup, remote assistance, designed diagrams of small and medium business networks. Set up servers, routers, switches, hubs and VPNs. Maintained clients websites using HTML, CSS, Flash and PHP.

IT Specialist - RSW Port Authority - Fort Myers, FL 2006
Managed user account permissions and repaired user's workstations. Performed repairs of land line phones, managed various servers, including active directory and airports courtesy wi-fi.

Data Analyst - Mastec - Fort Myers, FL 2004
Performed analysis of data to draw accurate inferences, in accord with the objectives of the analysis. Gather data required to conduct analysis from several sources, compiled it together in prescribed format and enter the data in several data analysis software. Evaluated problems, situations and crisis; investigated for solutions using data analysis practices and prepared analysis reports. Determined the methodologies and procedures for carrying out effective data analysis.

Customer Service Engineer - Sal Serv., Xerox - Naples, FL 2001 - 2002
Performed full range of maintenance, technical diagnostics, software loads, installation, removal, retrofit of Xerox products and customer call assistance, managed call activity, provided customer training on assigned products in accordance with current field procedures, responsible for assigned company assets (i.e. parts, tools, communication and computing devices, vehicles), responsible for business results (PEP metrics) and management processes that maximized productivity.


Volunteering

Helping Hand for Relief and Development - Sanford, FL 2013

Marketing, logistics and IT support.


References

Floyd Orr - (941)314-8688
Joel Rice - (702)806-9398


Download

HTM: http://odran037.github.io/resume/
PDF: http://odran037.github.io/resume/Leonardo_Prates_Resume.pdf
TXT: http://odran037.github.io/resume/Leonardo_Prates_Resume.txt